THE STANDARD 0.4

If anything remains unknown, then Yahweh must be real.

Introduction: 

Yahweh is the presence of absence. 

Yahweh is not God.

God is downstream of Yahweh.

Yahweh is beyond. 

God is a container.

Contain what you will.

Yahweh is greater.

The layer above. 

We pull down.

We contain some.

Contain.

Constantly contain.

Constantly change how you contain.

Know that you contain Yahweh.

Know that Yahweh will never be fully contained.

Allow Yahweh to be contained.

Allow Yahweh to change.

Within.

Constantly. 

Then you will know Yahweh.

Feel the presence of Yahweh.

Let it fill you.

Contain it.

And change how you contain it.

So that you may feel Yahweh.

Grow.

Within.

And never let Yahweh decay.

My definition is not Yahweh.

My understanding is not Yahweh.

My uncertainty is my evidence for Yahweh.

Yahweh is.

Respect. 

Knowledge of Yahweh does not change the existence of Yahweh.

Ignorance of Yahweh does not change the existence of Yahweh.

My finger points.

Look.

And admire Yahweh.

It is such a nice view to share.

Please share it with me.

Ancient Yhwism → Modern Yahwehism

Polytheistic Roots → Monotheistic Interpretation

It has been an honor working on this project.

The Old Testament relies heavily on actions and consequences occurring in this lifetime.

It is the story of a people dealing with a great deal of uncertainty.

If you know that you do not know then you will know Yahweh.

It goes back to Enki and Ninhursag.

Eridu Genesis

Epic of Gilgamesh

Shasu of Yhw.

The anthropomorphization of uncertainties' roots began 4000 years ago.

An atheist will call Yahweh 'spooky action at a distance'.

A fool will call Yahweh 'Patriarchy'.

The wise will know that Yahweh simply is.

One can deduce that studying the Old Testament should lead to a greater understanding of the text. However, the ability to decide the rate at which one's understanding is increasing is much harder to discern. One could see that uncertainty, itself, was the source of  insight being gained. One may then perform the activity again. To gain insight. One could conclude the activity of entertaining uncertainty could be performed universally, whenever uncertainty is present. 

We all live underground.

And we are never getting out.

Yahweh believes that we will.

You know that we won't.

Yahweh wins every time.

Yahweh - I AM WHO I AM

Maimonides (1338-1204) codified these rules in the Mishneh Torah.

Thousands of years of exhausting the search space of the set of society.

Recurrent archetypical relationships as axioms to be recognized at the largest scale.

Maimonides listed 613 Mitzvot (Commandments 248 Positive - 365 Negative) from the Torah (Old Testament Books 1-5)

We have refined the Standard to 174 without any additions, only reinterpretations - 72 Positive (do) and 102 Negative (do not) -

Please take a look at the main document, the fillable/printable template (for use while reading along with the Old Testament), and notes on community building, pertaining to structure and organizational decisions that are subject to change. One point of interest is a lack of female narrative in the Old Testament. Rectifying with the documentation of the silence in the past through education going forward. Women should canonize their own writings. To prevent future 
